= tweethook

A simple Ruby wrapper for accessing Tweethook's API.

= required gems

* tyhpoeus
* json

= required ENV variables

* TWEETHOOK_API_USER
* TWEETHOOK_API_PASS
* TWEETHOOK_SIGNATURE

See http://docs.heroku.com/config-vars for the how and why.

= Usage

There are three main classes 

* Tweethook::Search
* Tweethook::Post
* Tweethook::Result


= Creating a new search

search = Tweethook::Search.create('my keyword, :webhook => 'http://mysite.com/callback')

All the properties are accessible as instance methods

search.id => 12560301
search.search => 'my keyword'
search.webhook => 'http://mysite.com/callback'
search.format => 'json' # this lib only works w/ the JSON format

= Receiving a new post

Tweethook::Post is a subclass of Array that takes the raw JSON from Tweethook. The JSON is parsed into a hash and the results are mapped to Tweethook::Result. The results can be accessed as if it was just an array, i.e post[0] = first result

# example JSON from post (accessible in request.body)
json = '{
    "status_count": 2,
    "signature": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "time": 1253055217,
    "results": [{
        "user": "deputy5765",
        "tweet": "@Lu_Guz You will have to install a Twitter application in Facebook. Log in, search Twitter, install the app, then enter the info #geeksquad",
        "usrimg": "http:\/\/a3.twimg.com\/profile_images\/107659093\/0_normal.jpg",
        "tid": 4015703048,
        "tstamp": "Tue, 15 Sep 2009 22:53:12 +0000",
        "unix_tstamp": 1253055192,
        "is_reply": 1,
        "is_retweet": 0,
        "mentions": "Lu_Guz",
        "source": "Tweetie",
        "sourcelink": "http:\/\/www.atebits.com\/",
        "search_query": "twitter"
    },
    {
        "user": "heatherkentart",
        "tweet": "@k8otomato - Thanks, I will definitely try later. I will also postpone any negative opinions of Twitter. :D",
        "usrimg": "http:\/\/a3.twimg.com\/profile_images\/417128285\/me_normal.jpg",
        "tid": 4015703318,
        "tstamp": "Tue, 15 Sep 2009 22:53:11 +0000",
        "unix_tstamp": 1253055191,
        "is_reply": 1,
        "is_retweet": 0,
        "mentions": "k8otomato",
        "source": "web",
        "sourcelink": "http:\/\/twitter.com\/",
        "search_query": "twitter"
    }	
}'

post = Tweethook::Post.new(json)

post.size => 2

post.first.user => 'deputy5765'


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Jordan Glasner. See LICENSE for details.
